ML_project-1 Quiz:
==========================

A Lab to test your knowledge!

You will be asked to complete some minor challenges to test your knowledge of Classification.

Let's start with an easy question related to classification.

Use the notebook if you need it to take notes, run code, or complete the exercises.

Quiz
1
Which of the following statement is the correct one?


Classification is a supervised machine learning problem


In a classification problem, the target variable has only two possible outcomes.


Classification is a unsupervised machine learning problem


In a classification problem, the target is a continuous numerical variable.

Correct!
2
Select which of the following scenarios are classification problems.


Predict the prices of the Miami house


Impact of blood alcohol content on coordination


Predict if a Titanic passenger lives or dies due to their age, class, and gender.


Predict if a company will spend more than 10000 USD in electricity the next semester.

Correct!
3
At what point in the pipeline process are the parameters adjusted?


Data cleaning


Training


Feature engineering


Testing

Correct!
4
What are some common evaluation metrics used for classification tasks?


MAE


RMSE


Accuracy

Correct!
Quiz
5
Decision trees can be used for both classification and regression tasks.


True


False

Correct!
6
In a learning problem with 2D features, what is the relationship between decision tree and 1-nearest neighbor decision boundaries?


In both cases, the decision boundary is not linear


There is no relationship


In both cases, the decision boundary is piecewise linear.

Correct!
7
What does 'naive' mean in Naive Bayes?


The model assumes that the input features are statistically independent of one another.


The full Bayes' Theorem is not used.

Correct!
Quiz
8
How does ensemble learning improve model performance?


The models in an ensemble are trained independently, and their predictions are combined in some way to produce the final output.


The classification models in an ensemble are trained independently, and their predictions are combined by simply taking the average of their predictions.


Boths answers are incorrect

Correct!
9
Given a confusion matrix for a binary classification problem, how would you compute the precision score?


Precision = True Positives / (True Positives + True Negatives)


Precision = False Positives / (True Positives + False Positives)


Precision = True Positives / False Positives


Precision = True Positives / (True Positives + False Positives)

Correct!
10
We build a model and test it on a set of 100 customer records, and the resulting confusion matrix is as follows:

Predicted Negative	Predicted Positive
Actual Negative	70	10
Actual Positive	5	15
Compute the precision score to one decimal place

0.6
Correct!
11
We build a model and test it on a set of 100 customer records, and the resulting confusion matrix is as follows:

Predicted Negative	Predicted Positive
Actual Negative	80	5
Actual Positive	5	20
Compute the recall score to one decimal place


0.8


0.4


Incorrect answer


The confusion matrix is incorrect based on the main statement

Correct!
12
As a reviewer for an international conference, you have been given papers with different experimental setups to review. Based on the content of each paper, would you recommend accepting or rejecting them?

In comparison to your algorithm, mine appears to be more effective. I suggest observing the training error rates for confirmation.


Reject


Accept

Correct!
13
For k cross-validation, larger k value implies more bias.


True


False

Correct!
14
Let´s suppose three classifications model are built to discriminate apples from bananas. The following table shows the results obtained according to these algorithms:

model	Model 1	Model 2	Model 3
Accuracy (training)	0.99	0.93	0.99
Accuracy (testing)	0.90	0.75	0.10

Model 1 fits better a High Bias scenario


Model 2 fits better a High Variance scenario


Model 3 fits better a High Variance scenario


Model 3 fits better a High Bias scenario